	Doom liquid texture pack V1.3

- this texture pack has 2 "base files", one is to suit GZDoom and the other file is for zandronum.
  the base file uses around 0.2gb of gpu vram 
  if all of the textures in this pack are being used in 1 map

- there is also a HD texture pack file if you want more crisp looking textures,
  this file works the same as any other hd texture pack so you need to load this file after the base file.( low resolution textures )

  do note the hd textures use around 0.6GB of gpu vram,
  this happens only if all of the textures in this pack are being used in 1 map,
  with zandronum 3.0 the renderer used for this version does not have the pre cache texture feature working,
  so you will probably experiance frame drops while textures are being cached to the gpu while in game.
  once the textures are cached the game will run like normal for the rest of the level
  when you start a new level all textures will have to be cahced again. 
  if zandronum updates to a version where the pre cache feature works this pack will utilize this feature.
  gzdoom pre cache feature works correctly so you wont experiance any frame drops with the hd textures only longer loading times 
  before each level starts. ( an ssd drive can help with loading textures more quickly to the gpu while in game) 

- the shader pack has been made seperate for your personal prefrence and for 
  custom maps that use there own glowing color flats or custom lighting,
  also for some reason this effect makes the sprites appear at full brightnees, not sure why, maybe a bug
  so i thought it was best to keep it seperate.

--------------------- map building info --------------------------------------------------

- the doom builder resource file is for mappers wanting to make custom maps that use these textures,
  when this file is used in gzdoom builder there is 2 folders named,
 
	--- Doom LTP V1.3---
 
- this folder contains the textures that you will see replace the standard doom textures while in game when using this texture pack,
  try to use these textures as a tool to scale or align the surfaces in your map, 
  as the resolution of the " base file " textures are larger then original doom textures,
  and can cause aliment issues if you use the original doom textures to align the texturesthe surfaces in your map.

	( original flat liquid textures) 	( doom liquid texture pack v1.3 base file )	  ( LTP HD Texture pack )
		   64 x 64				      256 x 256				        512 x 512

  
  once you have scaled / aligned the textures,
  its best to revert back to the original doom textures
  this way mods that add effects to the original doom liquid textures should work.
  
  *do note that if you dont revert back to the original textures the textures will still animate 
   and may cause confusion as to why the mod is not interating with the textures*

	--- Doom missing liquids V1.3---

- this folder contains the extra waterfall type textures that doom did not come out with when released,
  these are - waterfall, slimefall and lavafall 
  you need to place these textures in your map for the animated textures to work in game.

 if you make a map that requires this texture pack please add a description or a wep page link on where to download the texture pack.
 thanks.